To all units. There has been
a robbery in the Porte Maillot area.
All stations, confirm receipt.
PS16, copy that.
PS8, copy that.
Three suspects riding black TMAX scooters.
Heading toward
Porte de Saint-Cloud on the highway.
TN51. This is TN51 Alpha.
Units 1 and 2 approaching Porte Maillot.
TN51 Alpha, copy that.
TN51. This is TN51 Alpha.
Priority, we have a visual on the TMAXs.
To all units
in the TN51 vicinity, give way.
TN51, we need backup
heading toward Porte de Saint-Cloud.
Copy that. To all stations,
send backup to Porte de Versailles.
Bravo, Charlie, get back.
Bravo, one's going solo.
Take him on the right.
Copy that. I'm on it.
Bravo is down!
Copy that. We're calling an ambulance.
Porte d'Italie is blocked. Backup?
Negative, TN51. Stop the pursuit.
Fuck!
They're cutting through Austerlitz.
Send backup!
No backup. Stop the pursuit, Major.
-Charlie, don't stop.
-I won't lose them.
Charlie is down.
Alpha, stop the pursuit immediately.
Bastards. Charlie, are you okay?
TN51 Alpha, stop the pursuit.
I repeat, stop the pursuit.
No way. They're within reach.
Stop the bike!
TN51, report.
Come in. What is going on, Major?
Fuck!
Come in.
TN51 Alpha, Major Delvo.
Report your location now.
Major Delvo, come in.
Come in.
…here, on the Carella racetrack.
A reminder of Lautier's victory,
which was hard fought till the end.
-We also had Sylvain in third position…
-Michael?
Get off your phone.
I need you now, not in two hours.
Yeah, I'm coming.
Okay.
Michael Carella.
The race is in 20 minutes.
All right, I'm ready.
The only big shot is Kevin.
Damn, look at him. Such a show-off.
The guy's in full Yamaha.
The team has headsets and tablets.
-Hey!
-Really, it's a total--
Shut up and focus.
It's the qualifying round. High level.
-Dad'll kick our asses if you lose.
-Don't worry. I got this.
-Triple bump?
-Third gear, full throttle.
-Corner exit position?
-I lean on the bike, elbow out.
-Your eyes?
-High up, I know.
-Whatever happens…
-We stay alive.
Okay.
…GP8 on this track created
by the '90s legendary couple,
and with us is the man who dominated
the podiums for 13 years
in the Motocross World Championship.
A great ambassador for this sport,
Mr. Daniel Carella!
Thank you, Jean-Yves. Thank you, everyone,
for your support
and presence on this racetrack
that my wife, Clara, and I
imagined and created a long time ago.
It is with great emotion
that for the past two years,
my family, my sister and I
have been welcoming you here.
Together, let's keep Clara's legacy alive.
To the next generation, I say,
"May the best rider win!"
And hopefully,
the best will be a Carella today.
Thank you all for your love and support.
Have a great race!
Thank you very much, Daniel.
Let's give him a big round of applause.
This is the final qualifying race.
The last showdown
we've all been waiting weeks for.
And this morning, during the trials,
it was Michael who finished
with the best time, racing at home today.
Michael, wearing number 107,
is in second position,
just behind Kevin Lautier, number 187.
He's two points away
from first place and qualification.
There's the green flag.
They're ready to start.
This'll be explosive!
Five seconds!
They'll be jostling for position
at the first turn.
Michael Carella is leading.
Michael is going full throttle
and Lautier enters second place.
…incredible!
He flies away on the other side.
He solidifies his position on the hill.
It's crowded at the back.
Everyone is pushing.
It's Michael Carella's home turf.
-He has a huge advantage.
-Go, Mika!
He stays in the lead!
He flies away, followed by his opponent,
Kevin Lautier, who's back in second place.
Two more laps,
and Michael has maintained his lead.
The heat is on!
But it's not over yet.
Kevin Lautier is breathing down his neck.
Careful, Kevin Lautier is still pushing.
The pressure is on. He's right behind him,
aggressive on the bumps.
And double whip!
Go, Michael!
Come on!
He takes back the lead.
Keep pushing, Mika.
What an incredible line!
Michael stays in the lead,
scraping through on the inside.
Michael Carella stays slightly ahead.
These two are fighting ruthlessly
for the world championship,
while the other riders are clinging on.
Oh, yes, he's coming back! Hang on.
Damn, don't do this to me.
…showing his front fender.
Close the door, Michael,
because he's coming back.
It's so intense. Anything could happen.
-No…
-What a final! The heat is on!
Oh, what a race!
They are coming up to the finish.
Fuck…
He goes for it!
-He goes for it and passes him!
-Fucking hell!
Since he's just lost pole position,
Kevin is the big winner today,
winning over Michael Carella
who finishes second.
You could have won that race.
You had him.
I still came second.
-Second place is just the first loser.
-Dad…
You're talented, but talent isn't enough.
It's the bare minimum.
Winning is a matter of choice and will,
you know that.
-Today, you didn't have it all.
-Dad, enough. He gets it.
-We'll practice. We have the whole season.
-There's no more training. It's over.
What do you mean?
Finish cleaning the paddocks,
and I'll see you both at home, okay?
So we haven't made much progress.
I almost caught them three weeks ago.
But they're organized and trained.
They have powerful TMAXs
with their own mods.
They stole 600,000 euros of luxury watches
transported by an employee.
They had an informant.
You want more men
and resources to stop them.
I need leverage.
I need the police to intervene on demand.
I didn't have enough vehicles
to stop them. Help me.
-Fuck, Vincent!
-Your watch!
-Go fuck yourself!
-Give me your watch!
Fucking give it to him! Now!
Stay down, asshole!
-So, dickhead, what do you say now?
-Vincent!
Come here!
Stop!
-What's the holdup?
-Get back in your car!
Vincent, look at me.
-What are you doing?
-Call the police!
Vincent!
Don't move. I'll call for help.
Yeah, get lost, asshole!
Two colleagues in hospital.
Your bike squad is costly
in terms of men and equipment.
I'm a cop, not an insurance broker.
My riders know the risk.
These guys are after the adrenaline rush,
not the money.
They love making us look like idiots.
You can bet they'll do it again.
It's becoming impossible to justify
your operations to the Ministry.
I need results.
Crystal Week.
What?
Elsa, please.
We know they target jewelry. Watch this.
As Crystal Week approaches,
the highlight is the red diamond display,
the rarest of stones.
Diamond dealer Mazetti
will unveil them at an auction
with a confidential valuation.
These diamonds--
Jewelry worth millions will travel
on the A1 between Roissy, Orly,
Le Bourget and Paris.
They'll hit them.
Anything solid or are you relying
on your instincts again?
I know how they think.
I've analyzed their targets and their MOs.
If I were them, I wouldn't let that slide.
I'm going back to my office
to get chewed out
by officials and cops who want you gone.
So don't ask for favors.
And above all,
I don't want to hear from you.
Have a nice day.
What now?
Are the results in
from the Bir-Hakeim bridge robbery?
-Not yet.
-Chase them up.
Okay.
…3 p.m., at the driving school
in Saint-Ouen.
-How much?
-Three thousand.
-Can we count on you?
-Michael?
Yeah, I'll think about it.
-Well, don't think too much.
-Yeah, okay.
What are you and Yacine up to?
He offered me a gig.
3,000 euros, easy job.
-"A gig"?
-A jump Yacine can't do. He's injured.
I didn't get details,
but the guy pays cash.
Hey.
Is it legit?
Of course it is.
Hurry up. Dad is waiting for us.
Okay.
Thanks.
Not too much.
So…
What's going on?
We can't afford to go on.
We could've lasted another year,
but with Michael's defeat,
the sponsors are bailing.
There.
Why didn't you say before the race?
-I don't understand.
-Wait.
Where do we stand?
What's the exact situation?
I won't get into details,
that's my business.
Tell us!
150,000 euros in debt.
The racetrack rental doesn't pay enough.
The bank wants us to sell the house
and the racetrack immediately.
She's right. They're not kids anymore.
All right, don't start.
You never thought
that this concerns us all?
-We'll end up homeless, Dad.
-No.
-It won't happen. I have a solution.
-What solution?
I'll sell the bikes.
The bikes?
Mom's bikes?
What are you saying?
You and Mom spent years restoring them.
I asked around.
We could make 100,000 euros, at least.
So…
You guys would be covered.
You and your brother can start over.
Aunt Hélène, did you know?
Yeah.
And?
He won't be buried
with those bikes. They won't fit.
So nobody cares?
You're getting rid of Mom's bikes
and nobody cares.
Honey, your mom restored those bikes
to give them life, not to collect them.
-She would've agreed if she were here.
-But she's not here anymore!
If you sell them,
it's like burying her a second time.
Yacine offered me a jump.
It pays 3,000 euros.
That money can help us.
I just have to win races.
The race you had to win was today, okay?
So you can keep
your cheap gigs for yourself.
Tell the truth.
What truth?
What you really think.
-I don't understand.
-Say it.
If I'd had the accident,
we wouldn't be in this mess.
Michael, you're talking nonsense.
Really? Go ahead, ask him.
Right, Dad?
Who's a better rider? Me or Soélie?
-Soélie doesn't want to ride anymore, so…
-That's not what I asked.
-That's my answer.
-Who's better, me or Soélie?
Just answer my question. Who's better?
-Me or Soélie?
-Soélie!
There.
-Daniel Carella's legendary honesty!
-Hey, take it easy.
-A little respect.
-That's enough.
-Look where it got us!
-Watch your tone.
-Stop!
You know what?
If I'd had a say in Mom's cancer,
I would've picked you instead.
Anything to add? Now is the perfect time.
Michael wants to help you.
And you humiliate him.
I talk to him.
I've explained it.
He needs to understand that.
He doesn't have the mentality
or the pride to be a champion.
Me neither, Dad.
Sorry.
You're his dad.
Not just his coach.
Try to remember that.
-Is it here?
-I don't know.
I don't see any jump set.
Yes, it's here. I see Yacine.
I don't trust him. Let me check first.
Yeah, don't worry.
The rider!
-Right on time.
-How are you?
How are you? Good?
How are you, Soélie?
Yeah.
She seems good.
-Is your hand better?
-Yes.
-Is that your bike?
What a monster!
I'll introduce you to Théo.
Théo!
The rider.
-Hi.
-I'm Michael.
-You're a bit young.
-I'm 20.
Ten years on a bike, so I'm good.
Does the lady ride too?
The lady is the mechanic.
She wants to check the track.
The bike is all set.
There won't be any issues.
I get to decide that.
My brother'll jump, but on our bike.
Calm down, it's more than just a jump.
What do you mean?
Didn't you say it was a jump?
Follow me. You'll see.
What about the watch guy?
Yeah, he said 200, tops.
No, go higher.
No, I won't accept less than 500.
-Okay…
-Elyas!
I have to go.
This is Michael Carella.
The guy I told you about.
With an unexpected sister.
Hi. I'm Elyas.
-Soélie.
-Hello.
-Hi. I'm Michael.
-Welcome.
Was this originally a scooter?
Looks like a Yamaha.
Yes.
-A tank disguised as a dirt bike?
-Exactly.
We need to test this little gem.
My brother won't ride it.
It's too dangerous.
-You're overreacting.
-Let's go. I'm done.
Do you ride?
Théo is my best mechanic.
You can trust him.
I know dirt bikes.
I can't see
why your tank is on a racetrack.
It's an obstacle course.
We need to test the speed
and the fork's resistance.
My client wants a bike
that's reactive and powerful.
I need a good cross rider
to push it to the max. Can you do it?
-Yeah, I can do it.
-Yeah?
Well?
-Did you convert the TMAX?
-Yes.
Nice job. Very clean.
It's still an assault tank though.
Elaborate.
The torque is too weak.
It needs remapping for maximum RPM
and the fork needs a firmer setting.
The variator compensates. I tested it.
The range won't keep up. It'll lack power.
Especially on an obstacle course.
And your hoses are crap.
Are you sure?
So, do you want to test it?
Okay.
-All good?
-Do you trust this guy?
Okay. Are you comfortable?
Totally. He's my pal, a pro.
-I'm good.
-Watch carefully…
What did you tell him?
Nothing. He's here to test the bike,
get paid and that's it.
How's your arm?
-This isn't the track at home.
-I'll be careful.
Good. It'll be better tomorrow.
-Keep an eye on me all the time.
-I know. Don't worry. I'll manage.
Watch me.
-You didn't do anything stupid?
-Is this an interrogation?
Don't you trust me?
Chill out, bro.
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure. You're pissing me off.
-Yacine.
-What?
I hope so. For your sake.
Did you see the fork?
It's a piece of wood.
It's okay. You'll make do.
Check the surroundings…
All good?
-Check the brakes at the start.
-Yeah, don't worry.
-Okay.
-Whatever happens…
We stay alive. I know.
Go, little bro.
Okay, he's ready.
Okay, you can go.
There's no power!
Don't let the engine lose speed.
Keep the revs high.
Shit!
The brakes…
He won't make it.
My brother isn't the problem.
The bike is too slow.
Think you can do better?
This thing is super heavy.
Can you get the bike on your truck?
I'll show you.
-Don't touch the bike.
-Let her do it.
Let's see how good she is.
Why are the cops here?
-Mr. Farah?
-Yeah, that's me.
Major Delvo.
Your employee said we'd find you here.
-I'm looking for Yacine Meflah.
-Yacine?
Yeah, he was outside earlier.
-Near the training bikes.
-Don't move!
-What's he doing?
-No-- Hey!
-Stop!
Get off!
Get him off!
-Come on. Move it!
-Fuck!
Hey!
Shit!
Are you okay? I'm sorry. I didn't see you!
You'll be okay.
Don't move.
Easy. My arm.
Yeah.
Impound the bike.
Easy with my arm.
You didn't get far.
My bike.
Come on. Let's go.
You stay away from Yacine, understood?
I didn't know. He's a bike buddy.
A bike buddy? A guy who runs
from the cops is no friend.
And we've lost the bike.
What will I tell Dad?
What about Dad? We don't care.
We don't care?
It's his insurance.
He'll have to deal with all this.
"We don't care." Nonsense.
Can't you just stop fighting like kids?
Try acting like adults
and give me a break.
You see how he talks to me,
undermining me.
Yes, but you asked for it.
"I asked for it"? What the…?
Talk to him once and for all.
It's not that complicated.
It is complicated.
When he talks like that, it's complicated.
You two drive me crazy.
-Should I come with you?
-No, wait here.
The door, please.
There you go.
That's not enough.
The pound will cost a fortune.
And I have to fix the bike, don't I?
Is this enough?
Thanks.
Why don't you ride?
Your brother hangs on your every word.
You know your stuff.
So, why don't you ride?
I had an accident.
So what?
So I don't ride anymore.
I have a job for you.
It's right up your alley.
A bike mechanic.
But it requires absolute discretion.
-What's the risk?
-You can make easy money.
No trouble with the cops.
I can't guarantee that.
Then, no, thank you.
I've had my fill of bullshit for today.
Too bad.
Hope to see you soon.
You don't even know her.
Heard from Yacine?
His brother said he won't snitch.
Why was he arrested?
No one knows.
His lawyer will tell us more.
What about the 15th?
Do we look for another rider?
Lost a glove on Bir-Hakeim bridge?
Your DNA's on it.
I want a lawyer.
Can you take his statement?
How's your wrist?
-You want to see a doctor?
-You broke my wrist. I want a lawyer.
-Carjacking…
-I want a lawyer.
-You're going to prison with your record.
-Shut your mouth.
But you don't care. You already know that.
-I want a lawyer.
-I didn't catch that. A what?
To be frank…
Hey!
You don't matter. You're a piece of shit.
Like hundreds of pieces of shit in jail.
I'm interested in your TMAX.
Where did you get it?
Do you have a supplier?
Do you know other guys who ride that bike?
Mazetti.
Mazetti, the jeweler.
Ring any bells?
If you answer my questions,
we won't even need a lawyer.
I have nothing to tell you.
Don't you get it?
Take him away.
I want my lawyer.
-Easy, my arm hurts.
-Come on. Get up.
-Easy, I want a lawyer.
-We'll get you a lawyer.
-I want a lawyer! Don't touch me.
-Stop arguing.
Move!
Get me a fucking lawyer!
Calm down.
-I'll close up and join you later.
-Okay.
I never understood why your mother
loved this bike so much.
The engine lacks power.
The frame is not solid enough.
It's hard to ride…
And the color…
Yeah.
She loved it. Well…
Maybe she liked its flaws.
There's no shortage of those.
That's why she loved you too.
I miss her.
I THOUGHT ABOUT IT. I'M IN.
We're shipping you out.
-Your jacket.
-Where's my lawyer?
Enough with the lawyer. Put that on.
I'm not kidding. I want my lawyer.
Get out. I'm sick of you.
-I'm sick of you too.
-Come on. Move.
-Move. Hurry up.
-The handcuffs are hurting me!
I don't give a damn!
I don't give a fuck!
Fucking cops! Go fuck yourselves!
Stay here. Don't move.
Hey! Get him!
-Are you okay? Show me.
-I'm fine.
It worked. The tracker is activated.
You were only supposed to struggle.
You wanted it to look real.
What, Delvo?
Did I overdo it?
-Did I?
-Fuck! We had a deal!
Deal's off. Get lost.
Fucking cops. You can't be trusted.
I'm never helping you again!
-Eyes on Yacine, 24/7.
-Fucking cops!
-Get lost.
If I ever see your face again…
-Get lost!
-Bastard!
I was helping you!
It'll be ready tomorrow.
Sorry for the delay.
-I'll come back tomorrow, thanks.
-Goodbye, sir.
What's wrong?
-Did you know?
-Know what?
Yacine carjacked a guy on a TMAX.
-I don't get it.
-Are you sure about that?
Is that an accusation?
-Don't you trust me?
-This shit makes you paranoid.
You bring in a strange girl
and you're telling--
She's not the problem, Yacine is.
He's on the run.
-Okay, did he snitch?
-No, if he had, we'd be in jail.
We shouldn't have hired him.
-I'll handle it.
-Don't do anything.
Stick to the plan.
Hello, Soélie.
Hi.
How are you?
Nice to see you again. This way.
Here are the beasts.
These bikes must be ready in three days.
You'll work with Théo.
He's made good progress.
Here's the T-Cross
you already know. The Naked.
And in the back, the Turbo.
What's with the names?
The T-Cross you saw yesterday.
It has to smash through any obstacle.
Even if we increase engine torque,
the fork will have issues.
Exactly.
I need to work on the suspension.
The Naked, with no engine cover.
It needs more agility and power.
The goal is to make it light
and ultra-easy to ride.
And the Turbo needs more speed.
It needs to reach 230 over long distances.
We'll need a boosted variator.
You'll lose top speed,
but it's worth a shot.
I have a question.
And a request.
Go on.
Why convert scooters?
Just take a dirt bike.
Top speed, mobility and rider stability.
And the request?
A hundred thousand.
100,000 euros is a lot of money, kid.
You're not planning a picnic, right?
I don't want details.
Take it or leave it.
So, you start right away
and work all night if needed.
And you're at my disposal round the clock.
Okay.
Good. We have a deal then.
Oh, fuck.
Shit.
Here she is.
So, where's the Yam?
-We had a problem.
-With what?
A problem.
-This man is a police officer.
-Major Delvo.
We met at the driving school.
Why were you two there?
Yacine had asked me to replace him.
To test a bike.
Is Yacine a friend?
We've trained a few times together.
-What about you?
-I've seen him once or twice, that's it.
Why didn't you tell your dad
his bike was stolen?
I had forbidden them to do this.
It seems it had no effect.
We'll fix it.
Have you spoken to Yacine since?
No.
Where were you last night?
Your dad was surprised you weren't here.
-With a friend. You need more details?
-No.
We'll keep the bike for investigation.
We'll return it.
Thank you, Daniel.
You're welcome.
Daniel?
-It's the bank on the phone.
-Coming.
Yes?
What shit have you two gotten into?
This kind of shit.
What's that? Where did this come from?
It's thanks to Michael.
He tested a bike.
It's a job like any other.
-We want to help.
-Help?
By bringing a cop home?
You call that helping? That cop…
-What's his name again?
-Delvo.
-He means business.
He's an ex-champion.
He never gave up back then.
Yeah. Do you know what he told me?
Your friend Yacine has been accused
of armed robbery.
Did you know that?
-We have nothing to do with that.
-Really?
I hope so.
Because I've had my fill
of bullshit, okay?
I know the situation is bad,
but it will get better.
I'm touched that you feel concerned.
But let me deal with it on my own. Okay?
Are we clear?
Who's this friend of yours?
You want details too?
Can't I have a private life?
Hélène, smoke outside!
This isn't the '80s!
That's a shame.
BESTOFFER.CO
-Need a hand?
-No.
I'll sleep for an hour.
Try not to ruin my work.
He should land at 11:30 a.m.
This is the route to the hotel.
-What about security?
-Only one car.
-Are you sure?
-Positive.
That's the tracker. Stick it on.
Be careful. It's fragile.
On the remote, push here once.
Give me one.
Here.
Can we get the exact floor?
He hasn't left the building,
but we're watching.
It's like riding a fucking bicycle.
-No idea what you did, but you nailed it.
-You seem to like it.
It's unrecognizable.
How's the Turbo going?
It's getting there. So?
Yeah, it's done.
Half of your bikes are in storage.
I'll get the rest when you're done.
Here's a spare key.
Your dad's nice.
Yeah, when he feels like it.
Thank you.
Nice one!
Well…
You can get the rest of your bikes back.
Thank you.
I don't mean to pry. Can I ask a question?
Yes, go ahead.
Have you ridden since your accident?
I don't want to talk about it.
Okay, sorry.
My mom died from cancer.
I was full of rage.
I was mad at the world.
So I took her bike.
I rode at full speed.
Without thinking.
A month in hospital
and a year of physical therapy.
When I tried to ride again, it was over.
I was reliving my fall every time.
Like panic attacks,
tremors and everything.
I can barely ride a bicycle.
But these things get better.
Yeah?
I don't know.
Maybe you should take it slowly.
I don't know much, but there are shrinks
who can help with that, right?
It helps people
who have been through trauma.
Why wouldn't it help you?
YACINE
HEY BRO! I GOT A NEW GIG.
20K FOR YOU.
I'LL CALL YOU IN AN HOUR, OKAY?
MICHAEL
OKAY, CALL ME. THE COPS LET YOU GO?
There's movement.
That prick never moved!
Boss, we have a visual.
He changed his jacket.
He's taking his bike. What now?
-Follow him.
-Okay.
We're not using walkies.
Don't get too close.
Watch out for the red light.
-He took the bike path!
-Put the overheads on!
It's a mess. We're blocked in!
Boss, it's over. We lost him.
No way to locate him.
Shit!
-What are you doing here?
-It's Yacine.
What about him?
-He said to come here.
-He's coming here?
He's on his way.
I heard you have a job for me.
Elyas, we're ready.
Why is he here? Is there a problem?
Here's the problem.
Inside.
You too.
You're a real dumbass.
Watch your tongue.
You, don't move.
I'll talk however I want.
Cops are after you.
-You're jeopardizing the operation.
-I've got a rider.
The rider isn't your problem.
Michael will do it. If you're ready…
If I'm what? If I'm ready?
Months of work and you ask if I'm ready?
Three years of pulling off heists
and I was never caught. Why?
Ask me why.
Why?
Because I'm a professional.
I plan everything to the second.
I gave you a chance.
You behaved like shit.
And you brought a friend.
What did he tell you? What do you know?
He told me about
a run on a scooter and a robbery.
How much did he offer you?
Twenty thousand.
You're a real piece of shit.
Twenty thousand euros?
And the cops? Tell me.
How did you escape?
What? I ran away.
-You ran away?
-Yes.
He ran away.
Okay.
So, you're in police custody,
you get arrested for armed robbery,
and you escaped? Just like that?
Are you serious?
Are you guys getting paranoid?
I ran away. I'm clean.
The cops were busy restraining
a drunk guy, so I ran away.
Let's stick to the plan.
I do the job, take my cut
and leave the country. End of story.
Michael--
Don't fuck up, Elyas.
Don't move!
Hey!
Hey! You want to rob people?
Here, go ahead.
Show me what you can do.
That's what a gun is for.
Now, I've got your brother's prints.
No choice. You're my third rider.
Let's go! Everyone on the bikes!
Are you okay?
-On your bikes!
-Come on.
The cops are coming.
We're out of time. Come on!
-Hurry!
-Come on, Mika.
Let go of me!
I'll see you tomorrow.
I'll send the address.
-Théo!
-Yeah, I'll follow her.
Hurry up, Mika!
Come on! Go, Soélie!
You'll be fine.
I'm right behind you.
Sir.
It's a real bike lab, high-tech.
All hidden behind their shop.
-Any traces of the TMAXs?
-Nothing.
They've cleaned the place.
What about him?
What do you mean?
He wasn't supposed to get killed
when we let him go.
You know nothing.
I'll take care of it.
-I just wanted the money, that's all…
-I know,
I know.
We were at the movies, okay? That's all.
Hey. Look at me.
Look at me.
We were at the movies. Together. Okay?
Come here.
Get some sleep.
We'll talk about it tomorrow.
So?
Thanks.
Where are the bikes?
I hid them in the shed.
Where's Elyas?
In a hideout somewhere.
-Great.
-He knows what he's doing.
Will you stop?
Your pal is a murderer.
He just killed a guy!
Don't you understand? He played me!
-I'm sorry, it wasn't supposed to--
-I don't give a damn, okay?
My brother will face
a murder charge, not you.
I have no choice.
I didn't think he'd go that far.
Soélie, you need to trust me.
Trust me.
Is there a place I can sleep?
Hey…
I thought I saw a ghost.
You looked like your mother.
It was overwhelming.
Sorry.
Sorry for what?
I'm the one who's sorry.
I realized it suited me
that you stopped riding.
It made me feel better.
I could protect you.
The way I wanted to protect
your mom from her sickness.
The thrill you get out
of that bike, my girl,
is the most beautiful thing
I've seen in a long time.
Well, you've got to practice now.
You knew you wouldn't sell it.
This one? Never.
I sold the other bikes,
which will buy us some time.
Excuse me.
Did you forget something in the kitchen?
A guy in his underwear.
What?
-He's a friend.
-A friend?
-A biker.
-A biker in his underwear?
I'll handle this. Right?
Here.
Thanks.
Hélène, what the heck is going on?
Don't worry.
-See you at the shed.
-I'll join you.
It will be all right.
-I'm coming with you.
-No.
No.
You stay here.
You handle Dad.
And whatever happens…
We stay alive.
Here's what we know.
Mazetti will land at the heliport.
There will be two cars,
the convoy we're interested in.
If you have cold feet, now's the time.
-Théo?
-I'm good.
Soélie? Are you ready?
Are you ready?
I have no choice.
Okay.
Right,
as we said,
11:30 a.m., in position, Panama Square.
I'm here. Théo, you're here.
Soélie, I want you here,
waiting for the convoy.
Mazetti arrives for Crystal Week
with six convoys.
Four via the airports,
one via the heliport plus an armored van.
For Christ's sake, Lucas. Wake up.
It's not about that.
I can cover two transfers with my team.
If you let me mobilize special forces,
we'll have enough men to cover
each convoy should we locate them.
You'll be suspended.
Until they find out how Yacine escaped.
If everything goes as planned…
we stay on course.
But if the cops follow us, we'll split.
We'll take turns.
That's when it'll get technical.
We'll use the GPS.
I want constant communication.
We'll drive them crazy.
-The kid died because you fucked up…
-Cut the crap.
You're so obsessed and you won't admit it.
Judging me will not change the outcome.
They'll strike tomorrow, and it's on you.
Hand over your badge and weapon.
I can't help you anymore.
Okay.
Pretend I'm not here.
Please.
We're on. Stand by.
Copy.
-When do we get there?
-In 15 minutes, Mr. Mazetti.
GPS activated.
Soélie, on my mark. Go!
Look out!
Watch it!
Come on, let's go! Strike now!
Get out of here! Move!
Come on, move!
Come on!
Move! Get lost! Come on, get out of here!
Get lost!
I said, move!
Théo, behind you!
Get lost!
Cover me, Théo!
The stones!
Don't fuck with me.
Hurry up, Elyas!
-I've got the diamonds! Let's go!
-Okay.
Let's get out of here!
What now?
I've got you this time.
Plan B. Let's split!
Biker on my tail.
I'll shake him off. Stay in contact!
All units, suspects heading toward Rivoli.
Unit V32 has a visual. Engaging.
Unit V32, give way…
Fuck!
-What's wrong with you?
-Police! Move!
Fuck you!
Watch out! It's the cop from the highway.
He won't give up.
Théo, are you ready? It's your turn.
I see you. I'm coming!
Nice one!
Come and get me!
Soélie, your turn!
Where the fuck are you?
Shit…
What's going on, Théo? Come in, Théo!
Answer, goddammit!
-Are you okay, sir?
-I'm fine. I said, I'm fine!
Sir? Are you sure?
Get on!
We'll be too slow! Go!
Fuck!
Wait! Did you find him, Soélie?
Théo crashed. I've got the stones.
What's happening? Where's Théo?
I'm going to the meeting point.
A police car and a bike.
Get rid of them. Figure it out!
There are too many! I can't hold them off.
Stop!
Change of plans.
Fuck!
We need to stop him.
He won't give up! Elyas, do you copy?
Stay focused.
What are you doing? He'll catch me!
Go! I just want the stones.
Hurry up!
Oh, fuck!
The gun.
I got rid of it.
I never wanted
to send your brother to jail.
I needed a third rider.
And you were available.
Come on. Let me go.
Give me the key.
Hurry up. Théo is waiting for us.
You won't see him again.
Three of us witnessed you killing Yacine.
If you talk, we will too.
Let me go and cut the crap. Uncuff me!
Don't tell me what to do or how.
It's over.
Okay.
ONE YEAR LATER
Daniel!
So…
How are you?
I see you kept your track.
Are you here for the race
or to ask questions?
I don't ask questions anymore.
Not officially anyway.
-But I'll get the answers.
-What answers?
Come on, Daniel. We'll miss the race.
-What did he want?
-Nothing. Everything's fine.
Today is the big day. Enjoy yourself.
-Try to beat your sister.
-Don't mind him. Just focus.
Have a good race.
Here we are.
Welcome to the Carella racetrack
for this international trophy,
where we are witnessing
Soélie Carella's comeback,
two-time world champion,
who literally grew up on racetracks.
Let's welcome her
after two years of absence,
lining up at the start
beside her brother, Michael.
And I can tell you that these two
grew up with a taste for competition.
All the riders here today are ready
to push their limits for this new season.
It'll be a great show.
There is a huge crowd today
for this big sporting event.
Brother and sister are warming up,
getting ready for the race.
They won't be kind to each other,
under the eagle eyes
of a very proud Daniel Carella.
If the atmosphere is right,
I assure you that their fighting spirit
will blow us away today.
We're ready to start.
All the riders are here.
Final preparations.
The engines are warming up.
We're clearing the start line
and the flag is about to wave.
It will be explosive!
Are you ready for this epic race?
Are you all paying attention?
Make some noise, Carella fans!
We can't hear you!
Make some noise! Fifteen seconds!
Fifteen seconds to remind you
that Michael Carella, on the Yam 107,
had the best time in the trials.
Five seconds!
Soélie wearing number 106.
Here we go! Full steam ahead!
And they're off!
Subtitle translation by: Elaine Scott